## Investigation progress (12/12/2022)

## SHAPES OF TIME “LA GUACA”                        
## (Prototype)

Based on your narratives, start materializing your object.

1. What shape has?
R/ The prototype is a bracelet-shaped watch that measures time through a labyrinth-shaped board.

2. Where is it worn? 
R/ The bracelet is designed to be worn throughout the day in work activities that require physical effort. However, its casual design and board options allow to combine it perfectly with different types of outfits.

3. How is it worn?
R/ The bracelet watch is worn on the forearm.

4. How do you interact with it?
MAIN FUNCTIONALITY:
R/ The bracelet basically functions as a clock that marks the time.
The entrance door of the labyrinth marks the beginning of the day which starts at 12:00 AM and the exit of the labyrinth marks the end of the day which ends at 12:00 PM.
Time is recorded through LEDS that mark the hours throughout the day. There is a relationship between the life force of the person who owns the watch and the time of day.
The beginning of the day represents the highest percentage of life force in a person and the end of the day represents the lowest percentage of life force in a person. This relationship is expressed through color and its meaning. For example:

- Between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM time is recorded through blue LEDS (100% energy).
- Between 6:00 AM and 12:00 PM the time is registered through green LEDS (75% energy).
- Between 12:00 PM and 6:00 PM the time is recorded through Orange LEDS (50% power).
- Between 6:00 PM and 12:00 AM the time is registered through red LEDS (25% of energy).

NOTE 01: Time is recorded in groups of six hours.
